c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TetDesk.exe
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TetDesk.pdb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\obj\x86\Debug\TetDesk.exe
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\obj\x86\Debug\TetDesk.pdb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackB.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BG1.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BG2.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\block.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Exit.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Mute.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\nextpiececanvas.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\OG.wma
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\OG.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Score.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Scores.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Start.xnb
c:\users\indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Unmute.xnb
C:\Users\Indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\block2.xnb
C:\Users\Indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\nextpiececanvas2.xnb
C:\Users\stijn\Desktop\TetrisHRO\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\obj\x86\Debug\TetDesk.exe
C:\Users\stijn\Desktop\TetrisHRO\TetrisHRO\TetDesk\obj\x86\Debug\TetDesk.pdb
